# Aug 17, 2023

The Parameter Committee (interim state) meets on a tri-weekly basis. It discusses all parameters relating to the Cardano protocol including network, technical and economic parameters, providing technical advice and recommendations on updatable parameter settings.

Updated list of the Members (interim state):

Chairs:\
Chair: Kevin Hammond\
Vice- chair: Alex Moser\
Vice- chair: Vijay Bhuvangiri

Advisory Group Heads:\
Network group: Neil Davies\
Economic group: Samuel Leathers\
Technical group: Markus Gufler

Advisory Group Members:\
Network group: Karl Knutson, Matthias Sieber, Marcin Szamotulski\
Technical group: Ruslan Dudin, Michael Peyton Jones\
Economic group: Sergio Sanchez, Philip Lazos, Giovanni Gargiulo

Other:\
Communications: Tommy Kammerer, Nathaniel Acton, Addie Girouard, Matthew Capps\
Domain experts: Martin Lang, Andrew Westberg\
Observers: WIP\
Secretary: Joaquín López

Remit

The purpose of the Parameter Committee is to provide technical advice and recommendations relating to the updatable protocol parameters, taking into account economic, security, network and other considerations, as appropriate.

Agenda and Updates:

Agenda:

* Follow up on PCP-001 and Change Request
* Getting ready the blog posts and communications process
* Proposal for governance parameter advisory group
* Publishing PCP template and readiness for public engagement
* Discuss with working groups about current parameter settings

Updates:

* Since a recommendation on PCP-001 has been made, this can now be closed. A Change Request will now be formalized and presented to the signing authorities.
* The Parameter Committee is currently working on several blog posts, including one on the scope and the functions of the Parameter Committee, and one to cover the PCP-001 results, the inputs that were provided by the different working groups, and the data that was analyzed.
* The Parameter Committee discussed a revised process for the meeting notes that will allow communication teams to see them in advance.
* The Parameter Committee expects to organize a fourth advisory group that will be focused on the new governance parameters that will be introduced in CIP-1694. This will be formed ahead of the CIP-1694 rollout.
* The Parameter Committee will define a process that will allow the community at large to prepare new PCP requests, for example via the Cardano Forum.
* In the coming weeks, each of the 3 existing advisory groups will review all of the current parameter settings in preparation for considering community PCP requests.
