# Jan 11, 2024

The Parameter Committee (interim state) meets on a tri-weekly basis. It discusses all parameters relating to the Cardano protocol including network, technical and economic parameters, providing technical advice and recommendations on updatable parameter settings.

Updated list of the Members (interim state):

Chairs:\
Chair: Kevin Hammond\
Vice- chair: Alex Moser\
Vice- chair: Vijay Bhuvangiri

Advisory Group Heads:\
Network group: Neil Davies\
Technical group: Markus Gufler\
Economic group: Samuel Leathers\
Governance group: Adam Rusch

Advisory Group Members:\
Network group: Karl Knutson, Matthias Sieber, Marcin Szamotulski\
Technical group: Ruslan Dudin, Michael Peyton Jones, Ashish Prajapati\
Economic group: Sergio Sanchez, Philip Lazos, Giovanni Gargiulo, Sheng-Nan Li\
Governance group: Oscar West, Riley Kilgore, Nicolas Cerny

Other:\
Communications: Tommy Kammerer, Matthew Capps\
Domain experts: Martin Lang, Andrew Westberg\
Observers: WIP\
Secretary: Joaquín López

Remit

The purpose of the Parameter Committee is to provide technical advice and recommendations relating to the updatable protocol parameters, taking into account economic, security, network and other technical considerations, as appropriate to protect the long term sustainability of the Cardano blockchain.

Agenda and Updates:

Agenda

* Recap on PCP requests:
  * PCP\_utxoCostPerByte\_ShawnMcMurdo
  * PCP\_K-Parameter\_EarnCoinPool
  * PCP\_max\_tx\_ex\_mem\_PiLanningham
* Parameter Guardrails
* Any Other Business

Updates

* The Parameters Committee welcomed the new members of the advisory groups and followed a very simple agenda to recap on the open items that were left from the previous year.
* In 2023 the Parameter Committee completed PCP-001 with a recommendation to reduce MinPoolCost to 170 and this change took effect on mainnet on the 27th of October, just before the Cardano Summit. Since then the Parameter Committee has been collecting feedback from the SPO community.
* There are 2 open discussions in the Cardano Forum which haven’t formalized the PCP request. This means that no formal actions are required from the Parameter Committee at this moment but the members of the committee will follow and participate in the conversation to help with the definition of the proposals.
  * [PCP\_TreasuryTax-tau-parameter\_EarnCoinPool](https://forum.cardano.org/t/pcp-treasurytax-tau-parameter-earncoinpool/123245)
  * [PCP\_max\_block\_size\_RichardMcCracken 3](https://forum.cardano.org/t/pcp-max-block-size-richardmccracken/125507)
* There are 3 open PCP requests that have been formalized and the Parameter Committee is actively monitoring and participating in the discussion to get as much information from the community as possible.
  * [PCP\_utxoCostPerByte\_ShawnMcMurdo](https://forum.cardano.org/t/pcp-utxocostperbyte-shawnmcmurdo/123123)
  * [PCP\_K-Parameter\_EarnCoinPool 3](https://forum.cardano.org/t/pcp-k-parameter-earncoinpool/122701)
  * [PCP\_max\_tx\_ex\_mem\_PiLanningham 1](https://forum.cardano.org/t/pcp-max-tx-ex-mem-pilanningham/125506)
* The Committee members had a discussion about each PCP request and agreed to engage with the community in these discussions by posting comments on the Cardano Forum. In the following weeks, the advisory groups will continue working on these proposals and present their conclusions in the next meeting.
* The Parameter Guardrails document is in the final stage and the comments provided by the Parameters Committee members will be considered and reflected in the final version. The Committee members now have the opportunity to make a final review and they will follow up to see how and when it will be published and shared with the broader community.
