# Jul 27, 2023

The Parameter Committee (interim state) meets on a tri-weekly basis. It discusses all parameters relating to the Cardano protocol including network, technical and economic parameters, providing technical advice and recommendations on updatable parameter settings.

Updated list of the Members (interim state):

Chairs:\
Chair: Kevin Hammond\
Vice- chair: Alex Moser\
Vice- chair: Vijay Bhuvangiri

Advisory Group Heads:\
Network group: Neil Davies\
Economic group: Samuel Leathers\
Technical group: Markus Gufler

Advisory Group Members:\
Network group: Karl Knutson, Matthias Sieber, Marcin Szamotulski\
Technical group: Ruslan Dudin, Michael Peyton Jones\
Economic group: Sergio Sanchez, Philip Lazos, Giovanni Gargiulo

Other:\
Communications: Tommy Kammerer, Nathaniel Acton, Addie Girouard, Matthew Capps\
Domain experts: Martin Lang, Andrew Westberg\
Observers: WIP\
Secretary: Joaquín López

Remit

The purpose of the Parameter Committee is to provide technical advice and recommendations relating to the updatable protocol parameters, taking into account economic, security, network and other considerations, as appropriate.

Agenda and Updates:

Agenda:

* Proceed with the recommendation for PCP-001.
* Discuss agreement for a change request and timelines.
* Communications alignment and follow up (PC setup, scope, goals, etc).
* Review outstanding requests and discuss potential recommendations for future PCPs.

Updates:

* The Parameter Committee considered comments and inputs from the community, provided in Cardano Forum, on-chain SPO poll, and other sources.
* The Parameter Committee recommends to retain targetNumberOfStakePools (“k”) at 500, and to reduce minPoolCost to 170 ADA.
* Based on the recommendation, the Parameter Committee will produce a formal Cardano Change Request to be considered for approval by the signing authorities. Wednesday, August 23 is the proposed target date for enactment.
* The Parameter Committee agreed to publish some informative blogposts to support the PCP-001 recommendation.
* Future PCPs will be considered in subsequent meetings.
