# September 19, 2024

The Parameter Committee (interim state) meets on a tri-weekly basis. It discusses all parameters relating to the Cardano protocol including network, technical, economic and governance parameters, providing technical advice and recommendations on updatable parameter settings.

**Updated list of the Members (interim state):**

Chairs:\
Chair: Kevin Hammond\
Vice- chair: Alex Moser\
Vice- chair: Vijay Bhuvangiri

Advisory Group Heads:\
Network group: Neil Davies\
Technical group: Markus Gufler\
Economic group: Samuel Leathers\
Governance group: Adam Rusch

Advisory Group Members:\
Network group: Karl Knutson, Matthias Sieber, Marcin Szamotulski\
Technical group: Ruslan Dudin, Michael Peyton Jones, Ashish Prajapati\
Economic group: Sergio Sanchez, Philip Lazos, Giovanni Gargiulo, Sheng-Nan Li\
Governance group: Oscar West, Riley Kilgore, Nicolas Cerny, Jonathan Kelly

Other:\
Communications: Tommy Kammerer, Matthew Capps\
Domain experts: Martin Lang, Andrew Westberg\
Observers: \
Secretary: Lewis Mayne

**Remit**

The purpose of the Parameter Committee is to provide technical advice and recommendations relating to the updatable protocol parameters, taking into account economic, security, network and other technical considerations, as appropriate to protect the long term sustainability of the Cardano blockchain.

**Agenda and Updates:**

Guardrails Review:

Considered possible changes to guardrails for the final constitution.

* Specific guardrails discussed include:
* Gov Action deposit range
* DRep deposit range
* Hard fork protocol versions and thresholds

Agreed to:

* Keep broad guardrails for flexibility but consider narrowing ranges for specific parameters like Gov Action and DRep deposits.
* Maintain the 85% threshold for stake pool upgrades before a hard fork.

Governance Actions:

Discussed who should propose governance actions on-chain following a PCP.

* Agreed that proposers of PCPs should have the first right to propose on-chain
* Otherwise, Intersect’s TSC may be able to sponsor the governance action.

\
Auto Abstain Option for SPOs:

Raised concern about the need for an auto abstain option for SPOs.

Acknowledged that it requires more engineering effort which is probably not feasible in the short term.\


Domain Expert Representation:

* Need for more domain experts, specifically from exchanges, DApps (B2B and B2C), and financial institutions.
* Agreed to rebrand current domain experts as community domain experts.

Emergency Parameter Changes:

Discussion on the process for reactive parameter changes in emergencies.\
\
Emphasis on the need for a communication mechanism to ensure decision-making bodies receive recommendations.\
\
Agreed to:

* Follow the critical incident response process defined by Intersect.
* Ensure recommendations reach the appropriate decision-making bodies\


Key Actions:

* Continue discussions on guardrails in the next meeting.
* Follow up on the auto abstain option with the TSC.
* Actively seek and invite new domain experts to the committee.
* Prepare for potential emergency parameter changes by documenting processes and communication routes.

\


