# October 31, 2024

The Parameter Sub-Committee meets on a tri-weekly basis. It discusses all parameters relating to the Cardano protocol including network, technical, economic and governance parameters, providing technical advice and recommendations on updatable parameter settings.

**Updated list of the Members (interim state):**

Chairs:\
Chair: Kevin Hammond\
Vice- chair: Alex Moser\
Vice- chair: Vijay Bhuvangiri

Advisory Group Heads:\
Network group: Neil Davies\
Technical group: Markus Gufler\
Economic group: Samuel Leathers\
Governance group: Adam Rusch

Advisory Group Members:\
Network group: Karl Knutson, Matthias Sieber, Marcin Szamotulski\
Technical group: Ruslan Dudin, Michael Peyton Jones, Ashish Prajapati\
Economic group: Sergio Sanchez, Philip Lazos, Giovanni Gargiulo, Sheng-Nan Li\
Governance group: Oscar West, Riley Kilgore, Nicolas Cerny, Jonathan Kelly

Other:\
Communications: Tommy Kammerer, Matthew Capps\
Domain experts: Martin Lang, Andrew Westberg\
Observers: \
Secretary: Lewis Mayne

**Remit**

The purpose of the Parameter Committee is to provide technical advice and recommendations relating to the updatable protocol parameters, taking into account economic, security, network and other technical considerations, as appropriate to protect the long term sustainability of the Cardano blockchain.

**Agenda and Updates:**

Agenda

* Griffin AI agent for assessing Cardano governance actions
* Governance Parameters Working Group Chair
* Parameter Committee Membership
* Plutus Parameter Update Change
* Community Voting and ICC Involvement
* Guardrail Changes for Final Constitution
* Next Steps for Governance and Community Outreach

Updates

Griffin AI - AI agent for assessing Cardano governance actions:

* Griffin AI, a Swiss company working on agentized AI for the Cardano ecosystem, presented a knowledge graph for assessing governance actions, designed to improve proposal quality and constitutional alignment.  They highlighted its utility for impact analysis and transparency in informing voters.  Technical discussion focused on how to ensure the accuracy and effectiveness of such a system in order to maximise its utility to the voting community.

Governance Parameters Working Group Chair:

* Adam announced his election to the Intersect Board of Directors and will step down as Chair of the Governance Parameters Working Group.  The Committee thanked him for his efficient and effective service, and wished him well in his new position. A new Chair will be sought.&#x20;

Parameter Committee Membership:

* An AMA (Ask Me Anything) was proposed to attract new members to the Parameter Committee, specifically targeting domain experts for advisory groups.  Interested parties are encouraged to join this meeting or to approach the Committee directly to express their interest.

Plutus Parameter Update Change:

* The committee was informed of the status of the Plutus parameter update proposal. The change has been enacted on Preview and proposed on Preview, with the ICC needing to vote on the PreProd and mainnet deployments. Community feedback was taken into account to improve the mainnet rationale by providing more explanations of technical details and links to supporting evidence where this is available.

Community Voting and ICC Involvement:

* A concern was raised with low voter delegation to DReps on mainnet and the possible effects of abstentions on future governance actions. It was recommended to increase voter understanding and engagement through community-driven campaigns.

Guardrail Changes for Final Constitution:

* Final input on changes to the guardrails for the final constitution was solicited, with a deadline of November 3 for these to be provided to the community.

Next Steps for Governance and Community Outreach:

* Jenny Brito offered assistance in promoting the Parameters Committee recruitment efforts through Intersect spaces and her "Cardano over Coffee" sessions. It was agreed to prepare a messaging strategy to encourage participation from domain experts, economic advisors, and community members interested in governance roles within the Parameters Committee.

\


