# May 17, 2023

The Parameter Committee (interim state) meets on a bi-weekly basis and as of June 8th it will be holding meetings on a 3 week basis. Its members are a mix of different Cardano community members. The Parameter Committee discusses all parameters relating to the Cardano protocol including network, technical and economic parameter type. They are a technical advisory group and only make recommendations.

Updated list of the Members (interim state):

**Chairs:**\
Chair: Kevin Hammond\
Vice- chair: Alex Moser\
Vice- chair: Vijay Bhuvangiri

**Advisory Group Heads:**\
Network group: Neil Davies\
Economic group: Samuel Leathers\
Technical group: Markus Gufler

**Advisory Group Members:**\
Network group: Karl Knutson, Matthias Sieber, Marcin Szamotulski\
Technical group: Ruslan Dudlin, Jared Corduan, Michael Peyton Jones\
Economic group: Sergio Sanchez, Philip Lazos, Giovanni Gargiulo

**Other:**\
Communications: Rebecca Hopwood, Tommy Kammerer, Nathaniel Acton, Addie Girouard\
Domain experts: Martin Lang, Andrew Westberg\
Observers: WIP\
Secretary: Cristina Echeverry

**Agenda and Updates:**

**Agenda:**

1. Welcome to the new joiners:
   * Intro of what is the parameter committee: Structure & responsibilities
2. Review action points from last meeting:
   * Confirm that everyone joined the main Discord channel
   * Updates on the SPO poll: Live May 17th
   * Confirm meeting frequency
   * Advisory groups heads to share how they settled their group meetings & processes
   * Kick off of the PCP process with the first proposal.

**Updates:**

* The committee welcomed the new joiners: Martin Lang, Andrew Westberg, Giovanni Gargiulo and Addie Girouard. The structure and the functions of the committee were explained.
* All of the committee members are now in the discord channel, this is the main channel however each Advisory group will set up their own communication channel as well as their own internal working process
* Markus Guffler from CF shared the SPO poll updates: May 17th, the poll is live, at 6pm there were 31 votes. The poll ends in the Epoch 416 (June 3rd), for live stats of the poll you can go to: [Cardanoscan 1](https://cardanoscan.io/spo-polls/96861fe7da8d45ba5db95071ed3889ed1412929f33610636c072a4b5ab550211) or [ADASTAT 1](https://adastat.net/polls/96861fe7da8d45ba5db95071ed3889ed1412929f33610636c072a4b5ab550211). It is good to keep in mind that the final result is decided by the community and that the cardano foundation is only providing the means to gather the community’s opinions.
* Meeting frequency of the parameter committee changed from every 2 weeks to every 3 weeks, if there is any urgent matter an Ad-hoc meeting can be requested. The changes on the meeting frequency will allow each advisory group to have the proper time to analyze and provide technical, economical or network recommendations.
* Every advisory head gave an update from their groups, they are organizing their activities, some of them will be reaching out to other community members to join their groups. It is the heads responsibility to choose the member based on their experience and knowledge of the Cardano Network
* Following the parameter committee process, the standardization of new requests is done via the PCP. Alex Moser from CF, walked the committee through the template, which was accepted. Each request will have a numeration starting at request number 001. The parameter committee recommendation process does not replace the CIP process and the committee is only to provide recommendations not to make decisions on parameter changes. PCPs from the community will be introduced at a later stage.
* PCP 001 - Raising k (and lowering minFee) was presented and approved by the committee for further action

**Action items:**

* Cristina Echeverry to make sure everyone joined the discord channel
* Cristina Echeverry to make sure new joiners approve to have their names posted
* Cristina Echeverry to updated the meeting invitation to a 3 weeks cadency
* Each group head to give updates on their internal organization
* Markus Gufler to provide SPO poll updates on the next meeting June 8th

**Next agenda:**

* To be confirmed
