# Oct 19, 2023

The Parameter Committee (interim state) meets on a tri-weekly basis. It discusses all parameters relating to the Cardano protocol including network, technical and economic parameters, providing technical advice and recommendations on updatable parameter settings.

**Updated list of the Members (interim state):**

Chairs:\
Chair: Kevin Hammond\
Vice- chair: Alex Moser\
Vice- chair: Vijay Bhuvangiri

Advisory Group Heads:\
Network group: Neil Davies\
Technical group: Markus Gufler\
Economic group: Samuel Leathers

Advisory Group Members:\
Network group: Karl Knutson, Matthias Sieber, Marcin Szamotulski\
Technical group: Ruslan Dudin, Michael Peyton Jones, Ashish Prajapati\
Economic group: Sergio Sanchez, Philip Lazos, Giovanni Gargiulo

Other:\
Communications: Tommy Kammerer, Nathaniel Acton, Addie Girouard, Matthew Capps\
Domain experts: Martin Lang, Andrew Westberg\
Observers: WIP\
Secretary: Joaquín López

**Remit**

The purpose of the Parameter Committee is to provide technical advice and recommendations relating to the updatable protocol parameters, taking into account economic, security, network and other considerations, as appropriate.

**Agenda and Updates:**

Agenda:

* Update on Change Request “CR 107 - Min Pool Cost reduction” & communications
* Living document about current parameter settings
* PCP process started, review discussions
* Transition to the Intersect MBO, moving slack and Discord channels to Intersect
* NDAs need to be signed before reviewing the Parameter Guardrails doc
* Election for the Governance Advisory Group Head

Updates:

* The Change Request “CR 107 - Min Pool Cost reduction” has been approved by all the signing authorities and they are proceeding with the change so it can have effect on mainnet before the Summit. The change is already in place in both preprod and preview environments and the plan is to take effect on mainnet on October 27, 21:44:51 UTC, giving time for SPOs to do their updates before traveling to the Cardano Summit if they wish.
* We postponed posting the “PCP-001 rationale” due to adjustments that aim at standardization of the document to set a first precedence for all future rationales. Plan is to post it on the Cardano Forum the following week. We are also preparing a blogpost called “Parameter Committee explainer”, which provides information about how this group was established and what is their purpose.
* The living document about current parameter settings will be part of the Intersect remit and managed by the Parameter Committee as part of the Intersect MBO. We will continue to work on creating this document and as a first step we will start working on the Parameter Guardrails document.
* The PCP process has been opened to the community, we published instructions, shared the PCP template and we already have the first discussions happening on the Cardano Forum. We will review the proposals and PCP requests in the following weeks and include them in the agenda for next meetings. Link: [Parameter Change Proposals (PCP) - Cardano Forum](https://forum.cardano.org/c/governance/parameter-change-proposals-pcp/257)
* The Parameter Committee is already transitioning to the Intersect MBO and we expect to be fully integrated by the end of the year.
* IOG, CF and Emurgo already have mutual NDAs in place so they can already start working together on the Parameter Guardrails document. Other independent members of the Committee will have to sign an NDA that will be sent in the coming week.
* The members of the Committee are already nominating and proposing potential heads for the new Governance Advisory Group. In the next meeting we will review the list of nominees and vote. This process is not meant to automatically exclude anyone who is not known by the members, but aligns with the defined bootstrap process and is most efficient at this point in time. If you are interested in getting proposed, reach out to one of the members to discuss being nominated by them.
