# Sep 28, 2023

The Parameter Committee (interim state) meets on a tri-weekly basis. It discusses all parameters relating to the Cardano protocol including network, technical and economic parameters, providing technical advice and recommendations on updatable parameter settings.

**Updated list of the Members (interim state):**

Chairs:\
Chair: Kevin Hammond\
Vice- chair: Alex Moser\
Vice- chair: Vijay Bhuvangiri

Advisory Group Heads:\
Network group: Neil Davies\
Technical group: Markus Gufler\
Economic group: Samuel Leathers

Advisory Group Members:\
Network group: Karl Knutson, Matthias Sieber, Marcin Szamotulski\
Technical group: Ruslan Dudin, Michael Peyton Jones, Ashish Prajapati\
Economic group: Sergio Sanchez, Philip Lazos, Giovanni Gargiulo

Other:\
Communications: Tommy Kammerer, Nathaniel Acton, Addie Girouard, Matthew Capps\
Domain experts: Martin Lang, Andrew Westberg\
Observers: WIP\
Secretary: Joaquín López

**Remit**

The purpose of the Parameter Committee is to provide technical advice and recommendations relating to the updatable protocol parameters, taking into account economic, security, network and other considerations, as appropriate.

**Agenda and Updates:**

Agenda:

* Update on Change Request “CR 107 - Min Pool Cost reduction” & communications
* Discuss with advisory groups about current parameter settings
* Open PCP process to the community? We are testing the process, we will refine it.
* Transition to the Intersect, moving slack and Discord channels to Intersect
* Creating a Governance Parameter Guardrails doc
* Nominations for the Governance Advisory Group

Updates:

* The Parameter Committee has already submitted the Change Request CR107 and sent it to the signing authorities, given the support from the community. We are now waiting for them to review and approve the document. **Dates are proposed and provisional**, do not take these dates as predictive and they will be affected by how quickly we can get all the signatures in place.
* All the advisory groups have met and discussed the current parameter settings. The Parameter Committee only considers the existing and potential new values for protocol parameters. We are ahead of the minPoolCost halving, and await to see and evaluate the effects. Hence as for now we don’t see an immediate need to change anything else meanwhile as there is no critical or degrading situation.
* The Parameter Committee will reconsider the initial assignments for the advisory groups and prepare a living document where anybody can find the latest information about current parameter settings.
* Ashish Prajapati from CardanoScan has joined the Technical Advisory Group.
* The Parameter Committee wants to open the PCP process to the community and consider their requests for recommendations. We are just testing the first iteration of this process, so we will refine it if needed.
* The Parameter Committee is currently in an intermediate state and will transition to the Intersect as a subcommittee of the Technical Steering Committee. We expect to be fully integrated into the Intersect MBO by the end of the year.
* The Parameter Committee will create a new advisory group focused on Governance Parameters and their first task will be to create a Parameter Guardrails document that will provide a recommendation to avoid parameter changes that could potentially compromise the security of the Cardano network.
* The Committee members can nominate a proposed head for the Governance Advisory Group and we will vote on the next meeting.



{% file src="../.gitbook/assets/CR 107 - Min Pool Cost reduction.pdf" %}
